What is residual income and why do you want
to have it?
You have probably heard the expression that "the rich get richer and the poor get poorer". It is
often used to explain injustice when it comes to money.
However, this saying is not entirely fair. The reason why this happens is because the rich focus
on a completely different way of making money. There are thousands of stories about poor
people who accumulated great wealth and that option is available to all of us.
Warren Buffett, Bill Gates, Richard Branson, and Oprah were not born in wealth. However,
during their lives they have accumulated great personal fortunes. This is because they
understand and use the power of leverage through residual income.
What is Active Income?
Active income is the direct result of our efforts. This is when you work for hours and you are

paid a certain amount for those hours of work. This can be seen in salaries, salaries and self-
service providers, such as lawyers and doctors.

There are many people who pay large amounts of money to become the CEO of a company,
play professionally in a sport or be stars in a movie. Obtaining a high active income requires a
lot of work and requires dedication beyond most of us. You are also limited because no matter
how much money you are paid, you still have to go to work to earn your money.
What is Residual Income (or Passive)?
The residual income is what you continue to receive after the work is done. This includes the
royalties of books, movies or songs, and also the income that comes from real estate or
business investments in which you do not really have to be present to generate income. For
example, Bill Gates still gets a residual income from Microsoft even though he is no longer
working there.
The residual income comes from the construction of an asset that continues to pay you after the
work has been done. A book, a movie or a song is an asset for people who earn royalties from
it. A house is an asset for the owner who receives the rent payment and a business is an asset
for the owner who does not need to participate in day-to-day activities.
The myth of Passive Income
Many people talk about passive income and create the impression that you do not have to do
anything to continue receiving that income. The truth is that normally you will have to keep an
eye on things if you want them to work without problems. For example, Richard Branson does
not manage any of the more than 400 companies he founded but reviews the numbers every
day to make sure they are working well and calls the CEOs if he sees any problems.
There is also the idea that we should work to build a passive income asset and then sit on the

beach relaxing the rest of our lives. The truth is that most people become extremely bored with
this scenario and will be eager to find something to do. That's why the billionaires of the world
are still working ... because they love what they do and they stopped doing it for the money a
long time ago.
How to build residual or passive income?
The key idea here is leverage. You must be able to take advantage of other people's time or
money in order to create residual income. Richard Branson can lead more than 400 companies
because he really is not leading any. Your CEOs do it.
To create a residual income, it is necessary to create something that people will continue to buy
on a regular basis long after they have created it. A house is a good example of them since
people will continue to pay a rent for the right to live in the house. A business needs to have
products that are sold again and again rather than negotiating work time for money from the
business owner.
Products can be an item that has been created and can be duplicated or could be other people's
time. For example, a dentist can only generate income by negotiating his time for money, but
when he brings in other dentists to work for him he will begin to leverage his results and build
residual income. Here you can see 9 effective income to double your earnings .
The first steps to create residual income
The first thing is to be aware of the way you work to generate active or residual income. Then
you have to decide on a transition change from active income to residual income over time. It is
difficult to start a new business and create a residual income for overnight so you should have a
little patience.
When you start generating more residual income you will begin to reduce the hours you spend
generating the active income. That means that your residual income will grow even faster once
you pay more attention to it.
Many entrepreneurs are interested in so-called "residual income". However, not everyone is
very clear about what they are or how they can be achieved. Some erroneously associate them
with pyramid schemes or other speculative or non-transparent business models. But there is
also perfectly legal and useful residual income. In them we are going to concentrate.
The perfect example of residual income could be the intellectual property rights over any of our
creations. Think of any singer. These artists continue to earn income on their sold records,
concerts, image rights or advertising ... over many years. Some like Elvis, John Lennon or
Michael Jackson continue to generate income even after death. This is residual income.
I think that any business that wants to ensure its long-term survival should at some time think
about residual income. After all, our capacity for work has limits that we can not transfer to
continue generating income. The other option to residual income is to begin to increase our
productive capacity by hiring more people, which generates a series of enormous expenses.
I sincerely think that one of the reasons why companies tend to go through so badly in many
recessions is their crazy growth in good times. If you have to grow, great, but we should do it
knowing very well how this growth will affect the cost structure of our business. More than one
has gone wrong the game and, far from making more money, discovers with astonishment that
the money earned goes at costs it did not have before.
It is not surprising that when consumption contracts, many companies start thinking that they

have too much structure that is consuming them inside. The bad thing about take account at
that time is that, not only lighten the structure is problematic, but, all surplus good times are
gone financing growth, now we discover that neither wanted nor needed. The situation could not
be worse.
That's why I like simple and flexible structures. Those are the ones that can survive a recession
without any problem. Therefore, I understand that the way to obtain residual income that, at
least, can cover the fixed costs of the business, is a winning bet. Now is when the question well:
where could I get residual income?
Ways to obtain them there are many and you must decide which ones you want to dedicate
yourself to. Even with a little imagination it will create a source of residual income unique to your
business. From creating a distribution network for your products with freelance commercials (be
generous and never give a commission of less than 20% of the price of the product, this will
attract the best) to open a network of franchises (but if you do, please, do it well) the
opportunities are very varied.
But personally, the one I like the most is the income that can be obtained through training
actions. Maybe it's because I enjoy helping other people in my areas of expertise. They learn
and I evolve as a professional. What more could you want?
I think that, especially, the formations of pleasant character are excellent to generate residual
income. Especially when they are recorded and small libraries of talks and conferences are
created. After all, I'm sure you're a specialist in your own business. Why not try? In addition to
residual income, you can improve your own image as an expert. Doing marketing and making
money with it, do you see the magic of residual income?
You have complete freedom to link this article in the media you want, including the signature
and contact information of JMA Asesores. The misappropriations will be notified and pursued as
dictated by current legislation on intellectual property.

http://how-to-make-money-working-from-home.academehub.com
